---
title: Upload data
layout: default
parent: Manage tables
grand_parent: Cloud
nav_order: 2
---

# How do I upload data to FeatureBase Cloud?
{: .no_toc }

You can upload data to FeatureBase cloud using a specifically structured CSV file.

{: .note}
You can also upload data using the [BULK INSERT statement](/docs/sql-guide/statements/statement-insert-bulk)

## Before you begin

{% include /cloud/cloud-before-begin.md %}
* [Create a database](/docs/cloud/cloud-databases/cloud-db-create-custom)

## Naming standards

{% include /concepts/standard-naming-obj.md%}
{% include /cloud-table/cloud-standard-naming-table.md %}

## Upload file

Your CSV data file needs the following structure:

* Header row
* First item in the header row and each row is a unique identifier
* Each row of data is comma-separated

## Uploading data to a table

{: .important}
Table column names cannot be changed once the table is defined.

### Step 1: Navigate to Upload Data

* Click **Databases** > database name > **Upload Data**.

### Step 2: Select a file to upload

1. Click **Upload a file**.
2. Select a file from the file browser.
3. Click **Done**.

### Step 3: Select column type for each column

{% include /cloud-table/cloud-summary-table-pk.md %}

1. Click <span class="material-icons md-18">more_vert</span> on the column.
2. Click **Update**.
3. Select a type from the **Type** dropdown menu.
4. Click **Update Column**.

{: .note }
User cannot procced until all column types have been selected.

### Step 4: Name the table and write data

{: .note}
>You can download SQL statements automatically generated by FeatureBase if required:
>* **DDL** downloads the CREATE TABLE statement
>* **DML** downloads the BULK INSERT statement

* Enter the table name.
* Click **Write my data**.

## Further information

- [Create table API reference](https://api-docs-featurebase-cloud.redoc.ly/latest#operation/createTable)
- [Learn how to query your Cloud data](/docs/cloud/cloud-query/cloud-query-data)
- [CREATE TABLE statement](/docs/sql-guide/statements/statement-table-create)
- [BULK INSERT statement](/docs/sql-guide/statements/statement-insert-bulk)
